Support to show and hide traffic data from V2 beta version tile set. (#3700)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed cases in which the user location indicator floated around when the user was stopped at an intersection in an urban canyon. ([#3705](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3705))
* Fixed poor location snapping while the user is inside a tunnel. ([#3705](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3705))

### Map

> * Added `MapView.showsTileSet(withIdentifiers:layerIdentifier:)` and `MapView.setShowsTileSet(_:withIdentifiers:layerIdentifier:)`to public to support developers show and hide custom TileSet IDs for the map view. ([#3700](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3700))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `MapView.showsTileSet(with:layerIdentifier:)` and `MapView.setShowsTileSet(_:with:layerIdentifier:)` to to provide the ability to show and hide custom tile set identifiers on the map view. ([#3700](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3700))
```
